hey guys welcome back to my channel i am
so excited for today's video to finally
be sharing with you guys
what i got for my dorm room and for
college i'm going to organize what i got
into categories so it's a little bit
easier to follow and i will have all the
links in the description if you want to
check out any of the things that i got
i'm so excited about all this stuff i
spent a lot of money on it so
i might as well show you guys because i
am definitely a broke college student
now
after buying all this stuff that phrase
took on a new meaning that's for sure
[Music]
so this is one of the first things i
bought for my dorm room
this is just like one of those cute
light up lights this one i got from
urban outfitters and i was
planning to put it over my bed a lot of
the decor stuff
i just am playing it by ear next up i
got a new clock i have a gray one here
but i thought this cute white one would
fit
the style of my room better i was really
trying to decide between white and black
but i think the white
if i put it on my shelf will look the
best this is black sticker paper
and i'm gonna put this on like the inner
part of the shelf it's
hopefully gonna help make the desk area
more exciting i really don't like the
color
of the furniture and the dorms i'm
staying in so hopefully this will help
spruce it up a bit
so that it looks cuter and more
aesthetically pleasing if you have not
watched my
like plan with me see what i'm doing
with my dorm room video i'll have it
linked in the
tag above so you can go watch that one
and better understand
why i got this the next thing i got are
these copper wire
fairy lights so i got these for over my
bed
and i think they're gonna look super
cute it actually has a ubs port as like
the
thing you plug into at first i was kind
of frustrated because i thought it would
be more annoying
but then i realized i could just plug
this into one of like the apple
blocks and that would make it really
simple these next two things kind of go
hand in hand the first thing
is this plant hanging thing i don't even
have a plant to go in here
i need to get one this is just a cute
little hanging
pot that i got from tj maxx for like
five bucks hopefully i'll be able to
hang it up in one of the shelves
i bought these command hooks i don't
know if it's gonna hold it up though
because i don't know how much this
weighs
i'm not sure if it'll actually hang it
up hopefully it will
you can see in my move-in vlog i think
it's
really pretty and i think it would look
really cute in the shelf so i'm hoping
that it works out the next kind of decor
thing i got
is this himalayan salt lamp from tj maxx
i was gonna get one on amazon
but this one was like nine bucks and i
was like sure
and it is so cute i'm so excited to
style this and use this
i was really struggling with finding
good organization like drawer
organization things
thankfully when i went to home goods i
found this
10 piece set it's just exactly what i
was looking for there's so much in here
it was like 15 bucks
so that was really good because two
little containers
at target were 20 bucks and this is 15
and it comes with 10. so i'm going to
use this like in my bathroom drawers in
my desk drawers
for organizing food and all sorts of
things in the cabinets
so this is really nice when we went to
the store
one thing that i really wanted to get
were
some extension cords when i went to ikea
i found
these so i found this one where it's
like just a lot of
ports that you can use and this one is
like one like the extension cords
i have an extension cord but it's like
really old and nasty
so i wanted to pick up another one and i
thought this one would be good
for my desk area so that it doesn't like
have a bunch of cords if it's like
right against the desk and this one
would be good for by my bed because then
i can
attach it to the legs of my bed
with some zip ties so i finally caved
and got
myself a hydro flask
i can't remember which color it is i'll
put it up on the screen i just decided
that i needed a new water bottle because
i've been really liking drinking out of
mason jars but i can't carry that around
anywhere
i feel like the starbucks cup ship has
sailed for me i used those during the
school year all the time
but i think this will be a lot easier to
carry around because like a closed lid
i can hold on to it especially since
i'll be on the dance team and
needing to drink a lot of water and this
holds more keeps it colder
you know there are just a lot of things
that went into me buying this but
hopefully it'll last me for a long time
and i think it's super cute i like the
color
and i got the straw lid because straws
make me drink more water
and so i definitely wanted one with a
straw i haven't talked about this yet on
my channel but i was actually planning
to stay
in an apartment this year with a kitchen
and everything so there were three rooms
and two people per room
and then a kitchen and living room and i
was super excited because i was going to
make all my own meals you know i'm going
to eat healthy and i was like
yeah whoo this will be great so i got
that housing
and then like a week or so later they
emailed me and they were like haha
just kidding you can't stay there we
need like extra quarantine space but i
bought this before
i knew i was gonna be eating on a dining
plan but i got these glass bowls and i'm
sure they'll still come in handy they're
just some glass tupperware with lids and
i was gonna
keep my salads and lunches in here but
now i'm eating in the dining hall
on campus i'm sure i'll use these in
my dorm so this is a four pack of hand
towels that i got
they're soft and absorbent so that's
great i'll probably use these in the
bathroom we have a little like
sink area that we'll probably use to
wash dishes and stuff so
i might keep a few of those by there and
then i got two towels
to use when i'm showering i use one for
my hair and one for my body when i'm
like done showering so i got two
and they were pretty inexpensive there
are some towels in target that are like
13 bucks per towel
i do not have the money for that give me
the three dollar ones because
if i'm gonna spend extra money it's not
gonna be on a towel that's for sure
the next thing i got is for my desk
i saw an ikea if you wanna watch my
shopping vlog i'll have it linked i saw
and i was like
that one i can like get up close to it i
can do my hair and my makeup and so
that's why i got it and it was like 15
so it wasn't even that expensive when i
looked on ikea's website i was looking
for some duvet inserts and i literally
could not find
twin ones i went into ikea thinking that
they didn't have any twin duvet inserts
i was wrong obviously i found this one
it's the saphirot
safarat it's a twin duvet insert it was
like
14.99 which is a great price for duvet
insert
if you've looked in other places online
so yeah i was really happy to find this
i hope this is warm enough but i'll
bring a throw blanket
now i have to talk to you about my duvet
cover which
is a very interesting story i watched so
many college videos
looking for a plain white duvet cover i
hunted one down
and one person had theirs linked and
they said it was from urban outfitters
and so i looked at it it was the t-shirt
jersey one
which costs a hundred dollars for a
duvet cover but i'm like i want
the plain white i just want it so i'll
spend the money
because i'm gonna use this for a long
time i never had a t-shirt jersey
material
on my bedspread either so i wasn't sure
how in love i was with it but i'm like
other people like it
it's plain white that's really all i
care about well i went to ikea
and i got this and we passed by the
duvet covers and i found one that was
like thirty dollars that i liked the
material better
so i ended up ordering that one online
which is coming like in a week or so
so i don't have it right now but it's
the duvalla
this is the one i got and i really liked
the feel of it
i mean it's plain white it's like 70
dollars cheaper than the one that i got
from urban outfitters so i sent the
urban outfitters one back
and ordered the ikea one i was going to
get the same material
sheets as the duvet cover from ikea but
it was less expensive to just buy them
at target so i just got like the plain
ones everybody gets the microfiber
sheet set twin xl they seem soft for
christmas my brother ordered me some of
these like velvet
hangers so i got them i loved them but i
didn't have enough so i ordered more
and then i realized i still didn't have
enough so i just planned to order
like more but i found some at home goods
so i just bought them there i needed
some of just the clothing ones because
the second batch i ordered off of amazon
they were like the
skirt hangers so i got just some of the
plain
ones and hopefully this will be enough i
also heard someone say that these
hangers are really good because they're
thinner and take up less space
personally my
closet is like on my wall so i think it
just looks
so much better to have these hangers
instead of like
random colorful hangers i don't know
about you
but i was really scared by the prices of
mattress toppers and everybody said
i was only gonna get a good sleeve in
college if i got a mattress topper so
i'm like
looking and searching for a good deal
and i also wanted new pillows because
my pillows right now are kind of old and
flattened i found this one
at walmart actually online but from
walmart
that is a two inch mattress topper with
two pillows
all rolled up in here it's really nice i
didn't undo it because you know that
would be kind of stupid
since i still have to go drive four and
a half hours with it in a car so i might
as well keep it rolled up so that it's
easier to
handle i'm popping in here because i
totally forgot to show you guys one of
the most important parts
the throw pillows okay they're in these
bags because some of them are white and
i didn't want them to get dirty
so this is the first pill i got this one
is from home goods and it just has this
super cute little like puff texture
i love it it's so soft and squishy and i
just think it's so cute
this next one is from walmart and i
really
had a hassle with like trying to find
this pillow
or one like it and i think it's gonna
end up looking really good
i was kind of conflicted on if i liked
this one but once i saw it with the
other two pillows i thought it looks
really cute so this is from walmart it's
like a pinkish orange and i think it'll
match
with the prints that i have for my room
and last but not least is this other
pillow that i got from home goods this
one is also very like squishy
it's got this like x and dot pattern i
think
i thought those looked really cute
together and then
bam like that so yeah i think it'll look
really good sorry i didn't include those
earlier but
there it is those are the pillows i'm
breaking so moving on to more of the
organizational big pieces
this isn't really organization but this
i bought at the thrift store it's a
paper towel holder and i spray painted
it cleaned it up
if you watched my dorm decor plans video
you would have seen a closet
diagram there are two shelves and then
the closet area to hang your stuff
up and so i wanted two big containers
for the top shelf and then four
smaller containers for the second shelf
and then i have a plan for like what
else i wanted in the closet
so thankfully i found exactly what i was
like looking for
what i diagrammed on there at ikea so
that was really nice
what wasn't nice was the price of these
put together
i got six containers in all all that put
together was like over
60 dollars which kind of makes me want
to throw up that i spent 60
on six storage bins but
it's okay it's okay i'm still trying to
tell myself that but i think they're
gonna be good organization pieces and
these are like heavy duty so they won't
break and i'll be able to use them
forever
i'm not sure what i'm gonna put in them
it might be like clothing stuff
maybe i'll have one that's like camera
gear because it's bigger so i can fit
like
tripods and stuff like that in there not
really sure what i'm gonna put in here
but
they're definitely good pieces i bought
these at target before i bought the home
goods like
basket bundle so go to home goods before
you go to target to buy organization
things because they have
better options in this big one right
here i have a bunch of other decor that
i bought
in my planning my college dorm room go
watch that video
in that video i did a bunch of diys and
showed you guys
a lot of the decor that i'm going to be
putting up i don't really know
how i should show this okay i'll just
pick one up so
i got a bunch of frames from the thrift
store and i spray painted them and
got some pictures off of pinterest
printed those out and then
put them in the picture frames so they
look really cute there's a lot of them
in here they're all wrapped up though so
i'm not gonna
unwrap them to show you you're just
gonna have to go watch that video
to see what else i got i was trying to
decide if i was gonna do
another video where i showed you guys
like clothes that i bought for school
but i'm already here i'm already doing
this so i might as well just show you
like
clothing and things like that that i
bought the first thing
i got are these nike socks i'm super
excited
because i got an exciting pair of shoes
that's gonna go with these
then i got some regular socks because
literally the only socks i wear are the
socks that my friends gave me
because they were like destroyed like
they had holes in them and stuff
and i still wear those like those are
the socks that i wear so i was in dire
need of some new ones so i just picked
these ones up
from walmart and i think they should
look good i got
gray black and white i'm just glad
they're low-cut because most of the
socks in my house
are like this but like black i couldn't
wear the black ones that were like
show above your ankle with white tennis
shoes
so that's why i wear my friends so often
but then
this literally makes no sense i got some
socks
i have one pair of high heels that
don't fit me very well that i got a lot
of years ago
so i'm excited to finally have a new
pair of high heels and i got these from
target
and they're literally so cute and so
comfortable i put them on and i'm like
these are literally so comfortable i
think they're gonna look good i got them
for church
in my church there are like wards that
are specifically for people who are in
college it's called a ysa award or
a young single adult ward and ward
equals congregation
a young single adult congregation so
it's really cool
i'm really excited about it i go to
church every sunday so that'll continue
in college
because i'm a church going girl so i
need some high heels
so that i can look smug and not at
church so that's where all the boys are
as you know if you have watched my
sending a quiz to every boy i've had a
crush on because
that's where all the boys are at so if
you want a handsome young man
go to church and then i also got a new
pair of tennis shoes because
the tennis shoes i have right now are
two years old and they're falling apart
i'll still bring them to like hiking and
stuff but i got these
brooks that are super cool i love the
gray color
i thought i'd branch out for my regular
black and white because
i cannot remember the last time i got a
different colored
tennis shoe like i was strictly i will
only get black tennis shoes and i will
only get nike
i would like not buy any other kind so
i'm branching out from my
childish ways and i'm getting some
brooks for a long time i've had a list
of shoes
that i was like if i can get these pairs
of shoes i will be set
like i don't need any other shoes like
these are the only ones
that i need i have gotten most of them
doc martens and i got birkenstocks and
those were like
good quality shoes i know everybody gets
them but it's like they're good quality
shoes that you're
gonna be able to wear with practically
anything and
obviously the next shoe on the list was
uh
i'm really excited about these because i
just know that they're gonna go with
everything and
i love that i actually got thirty
dollars
off of my nike purchase by using honey
they like
gave me a thirty dollar gift card
because i had enough points to redeem a
gift card
so it went down from like 100 bucks with
the socks to like 70
which is awesome so use honey this is
not sponsored by them
a couple videos ago was sponsored by
them but this video isn't but you
should still use them like if you're
going college shopping i am positive
that you'll get
money off if you use honey when you're
going shopping online
i'm just gonna stand up all right i'm
standing over here because i don't want
to have to like
drag this onto my bed to like not even
be able to show you because it wouldn't
fit
i got a full-length mirror from ikea
this is the 30
one i wanted to get the 50 one that was
like
two times wider than this but it was
sold out
if you want to see that whole situation
go watch the
dorm shopping video this one works it's
not exactly what i wanted
but it'll do it and it's black and it's
the nissan
doll yeah i'm really excited to have a
good sturdy
full length mirror so i think this is
the last thing i have to show you guys
this is my little dresser that i'm
putting in my closet
our school only provides us with one
dresser in the dorm room and it's
honestly more like a bedside table
because it's tall and skinny
instead of like a wide one i was gonna
keep that as a bedside table
and then i needed something for my
closet to like store stuff
so this was a good option that i found
at target
so this is what i got i honestly wanted
my furniture in my closet to be
white but they didn't have a white one
like this
so i just got the black one today my
family is leaving
for a trip to michigan for two weeks and
when i get back i'll have two weeks
before i leave for college which is
pretty crazy it'll be a fun trip it's
just kind of wild but the
summer's like over and i'm kind of sad
about it but i'm also like so ready to
go to college so
and i get an ipad and i'm so excited
there are some people who get
super pumped and excited about
electronics and like getting new devices
like
me i literally can't even handle the
excitement
baby
[Music]
yeah and then there are other people
that will get a new fun and they're like
whatever like
who cares but i am like i love it i've
watched all the videos about digital
note taking
and i'm probably gonna have a video
sponsored by paperlike just get ready
guys because it's gonna happen
i am on the dance team at my college so
the dance
team and other sports go like a week
earlier than student orientation
so i'm thinking that it would be fun to
film that week if you would like
you know dance camp like conditioning
type thing so if you want to see that
let me know down below i'm super
excited to meet all the people on my
dance team and
just get started in college life i
really hope you enjoyed this
haul video i hope it gave you some good
ideas for what you're going to do for
your dorm room
if you're new here make sure you
subscribe also follow me on instagram
riley reel keep up to date on that side
of social media
i'm so excited this is so crazy so
i hope you'll stick around and subscribe
if you're new so you can see my college
journey
august 14th august 14th
is when i move in so get ready guys i
love you so much
thank you so much for watching and i'll
see you in next week's video
bye guys
[Music]
you